Hey what is up guys and welcome back.
So now in this video I'm going to show you how can you migrate your WordPress website into a live server.
Ok so this is going to be so amazing you guys already know about the Web Hosting.
OK.
So if you want to learn about web hosting then make sure to go and check out my first video where I
showed you how to sign up and get a web hosting.
And then how to work for that.
OK.
So basically I have also given a coupon code there that you can enter there in the host skater dot com
and you can get 60 percent off guys to make sure to go ahead and watch that video and then you will
learn how to basically get housing and then might create your WordPress website so you basically need
this.
Basically this Zahm works on your local computer.
You can not make it live if you want to make it life you need a lot of big servers with big speed internet
speed and so much and that will cost you a lot but you can just do it for just three point nine five
per month.
So this is Sochi.
Seriously this is so cheap and you can just get like 60 percent off and it is more cheaper.
So make sure to just go ahead and just just get this hosting.
It takes five point nine five you can get 60 percent off and it will be exactly same amount.
OK so after you have got the web hosting and after you are totally done with everything you just have
to go to the portal and now hear what you have to do you have to just log in.
So here you have your entry your credentials guys.
OK.
And here you can see that it is loading our customer portal and we will be taking to the customer portal
page where we have to just go to the see battle and then more.
So herein be your domain name your main domain name that you have here.
So lets suppose that you will be having your domain name here you just have to go ahead and you have
to hit launch see battle and on clicking this you will be taken to the sea battle base where you have
to just enter your details or you or your subpanel they'll be loaded here.
OK.
So let's see
here guys in the domain stop and you will see your domain name that you have registered and host gator.
OK so let's suppose that I have registered domain name that is.
Let's wait till this is done.
OK.
You can see that I am here in the sea battle and this is how most people look.
So this is my domain name.
Create a W.P. dot site.
OK.
And this is here it says N.S. and this is a line to my hosting package.
OK everything is here if I just go to name servers then you can see it is automatically a.
And this is said to my hosting back.
So I'm just going to go to.
You can see that here you will see your loot domain name.
OK.
So I am basically installing the host.
The word press on an ad on a domain name.
So you guys must know what an add on domain domain is like the extra domain name that you get at so
mystically my domain name root for.
Is this add on domain slice create a WPA type.
OK.
So what I have to do I basically have to go to the files right here.
And then I have to see this one file manager.
I just have to open this up and now here you can see it here here would be my every detail is what you
have to do.
You have to just go to the public underscore each TMLC file.
OK.
And here would be all your files here would be nothing basically.
But I have to go into the add on domain file which is this.
And your.
Let's suppose that this is my web site.
OK.
This is how your public underscore h t m l folder it looks like.
So this is your domain root folder basically in other words you can say OK.
So if you do not know about the add on domains then go above and make sure to just go and watch the
video and also watch the video of the hosting that how we set up the hosting website because this is
so important guys.
And once you understand everything then you guys are going to learn how to migrate basically a WordPress
website so you can see this is where nothing is coming so this is be this will be like my public underscore
team folder will be I have to basically grab the files of all the word press from the HD box.
OK.
These are the files.
What I have to do I have to just select all the file I have to come here and now here I have to just
add to archive.
OK so just clicking this you can see this is right here.
What I have to do I have to just add zip and I have to open this up.
OK.
So you can see this is archiving all the files.
So once everything is archived it's going to be like Lupica Idzik.
So now what we have to do is that we have to upload all the files here.
OK we have to wait for sometime.
Let's let's just wait and see how after we have uploaded we have to extracted then and then you will
see that all the files when we need it.
So you can see everything is right here.
Is going to come here.
And this is my file.
I have to come here and I have to applaud it.
And now here you can see Ahmed Saiz maximum file size.
So this is 500 m.
I just have to select the file.
And here I have two
go to the Sci-Fi.
OK let's just drop the file.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to just drag it and let's just drop it here so you can see
it's being uploaded.
So what this is applauded.
I'll show you how can you just extracted on your local server.
Ok so you can see this is completed.
I'm just going to go back.
So it is now taking me back to this.
And this is how my web site is looking.
If I just open up my web site you just created the Lupi site.
So create
blue the dark side is basically my domain name.
OK.
If I just open this up you can see.
Here is W.P. Dodd Cyp.
So this is a this is basically the Apache server running inside Port and everything is exactly same
as this.
This is the local host so but this is applied to as a domain name.
OK.
And this is online.
I can access it anywhere any computer or even to access off the Internet.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit it shut.
And I'm just clicking extract I just click extract files so you can see these are extracted.
OK.
What I have to do I have to just delete this WPA zip.
And it's just sits and trash and I'm going to get confirmed so you can see these are the files that
are here.
And once I click it it's just going to give me an error that says error to establish a database connection.
You can see this is giving an error.
Thanks a lot guys.
Basically Congratulations guys because you have made through the part of copying you can see that WordPress
is totally up and running.
And now we have to just work with the database and we will be doing with the database in the next video
guys so stadium guys for that and make sure to pay attention to that section because that section is
so much important.
OK so in the next video you'll be working up at that.